DATING APP

Team:
Hunter Bevis:
    *513-500-3612
    *[GitHub](hunterwbevis@gmail.com)
    
Alex Taillan:
    *513-704-6639
    *[GitHub](15ataillan@gmail.com)
    
Faculty Advisor:
James Everly:
   *[GitHub](everlyjo@mail.uc.edu)


Project Background Information:
The project is intended to be a dating app for all devices that uses the Google Play Store. By the end of this course, we are expecting to have a detailed scheduled plan on what needs to be done and by who.
By the end of this course, we will also be able to code in Kotlin, in order to create this dating app. We will also be learning Kotlin by using Discord to share a screen where the tutorial videos will be playing.
We will apply what we have learned from these videos by doing pratices exercises as a team. Once we finished the tutorials, we will create a schedule for the following of this course, Senior Design II, 
where we will aplly what we learned from the tutorials and be able to create at the very least a prototype of the app.

Project Problem Statement:
A main problem in this project, would be scheduling when we, as a team, would be able to meet for the project. As we have different schedules, and work in part time jobs,
it would cause a problem of meeting together to discuss the project.

Inadequacy of Current Solutions to Problem:
Although we have each other's contact information, it will not help to resolve the problem. As a way to solve this problem, we have decided to share each other's school and work schedule,
so we can better schedule time to work on the project together.

Background Skills/Interests applicable to problem:
We both have backgrounds with working on teams with our co-op at a small company, Electronauts. We have learned how to communicate with team members and managers if an issue was to arise.
We would figure out ideas/plans on how to tackle new jobs with our respected team, based on each others' strengths and weaknesses. We have also work in companies that deal with customer service, such as Wendy's, Meijer's Pharmacy, and US bank.
In conclusion, our experiences with our part-time jobs and co-ops have helped us communicate better, be more team-oriented, and have exposed leadership experience.

Project Team Approach to Problem:
As a team, we have managed to find time to meet and work on the project. We have decided to spend two hours on Tuesdays, Thurdays, and Sundays; for a total of 6 hours a week.
We will spend that time to finish the tutorials on Kotlin and see how we can apply them to our project. Our goal for this semester is to finish the tutorials and begin on apply what we learned on the app.
